shoot bubble doors and they're gone forever
	only they're not bubbles, 
items are also gone forever

main character starting entrance: hatch from an egg?


a water park area

cybernetic alien rats



a big crazy rectangular monster


enemies and bosses based on past character ideas
	konoki and mr peninsula
	earwig
	bean
	moth
	


mix ingredients like a barista


areas:

Compendia
Old Bay
Harmacy
Shattern



juice (stamina)
	most enemies don't hurt you just by touching you, they have to be attacking, or a projectile of some kind
	at the beginning, your juice doesn't auto-replenish and you have to find sources of juice (killing some enemies is one - farming involves actually feeding and growing these sources)
	later, you get a slow juice recovery powerup that doesn't recover all the way
	then you get a faster recovery powerup
	then you get full and fast revovery - maybe it requires water or something


prefer other strategies over killing
	baiting
	dispersion

armor (hp)
	you get 3 heals at every checkpoint
	if you die, you lose progress.  your save point is loaded.
	if you die at a boss, you don't lose progress.  you respawn at the entrance to the boss.


Z = jump
X = shoot
C = use
A = heal


elevator shaft with background and foreground elements - pipes etc - parallax?



scenario ideas
	in the beginning, players are likely to immediately waste all their juice, so we give them some free finite sources to learn how that works
	in the starting room they can replenish infinitely

	getting the 3rd recovery powerup, you have to recover and the game gives you a source to show you how it works
	
	an area you get stuck in where sources of juice aren't plentiful and even though you have partial auto-replenish you need to conserve and "save up" for things

	Old Bay: water park area, where you master the liquid mechanics

	Harmacy: an area where you learn how to create compounds with interesting effects, all of which have friendly fire
		explosive
		corrosive
		poison gas
		
	Shattern: area with things from Saturn Cycle	

stuff to shoot

	overgrowth
	eggs
	hostile creatures
	ampoules
	ingredient sources
	juice sources


maybe a laser beam instead of pellets

it'll be really cool as you go from area to area that you have to learn a new variation on the gameplay.  that'll make the game really memorable.


lovely goopy animated water


the graphics are gonna be low-res but really detailed and colorful.  amiga/dos style.  tracker music.


Ancient alien race: The Parch

A boss based off of Mister, whose main move is ,,, (I forget!)
